OSSMDOC-310: Clarify external Elasticsearch instance. (#34263)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/jaeger-config-storage.adoc

.Restrictions

> * There can be only one Jaeger with self-provisioned Elasticsearch instance per namespace. The Elasticsearch cluster is meant to be dedicated for a single Jaeger instance.

Reviewer: > ! there is, there are verb
Avoid at the beginning of an independent clause. In most cases rewrite to remove the phrase. For example, instead of "There are three recovery control data sets in the product" write "The product includes three recovery control data sets".

[id="jaeger-config-external-es_{context}"]
== Connecting to an existing Elasticsearch instance

> Jaeger also allows you to use an already existing Elasticsearch cluster for storage (that is, an instance that was not auto-provisioned by the Jaeger Operator calling the Elasticsearch Operator). You do this by specifying the URL of the existing cluster as the `spec:storage:options:es:server-urls` value in your configuration.

Reviewer 2: > the Elasticsearch Operator

We should make it clear that it is Red Hat's cluster logging elasticsearch operator and not the upstream elastic.co operator.

> Jaeger also allows you to use an already existing Elasticsearch cluster for storage (that is, an instance that was not auto-provisioned by the Jaeger Operator calling the Red Hat Elasticsearch Operator). You do this by specifying the URL of the existing cluster as the `spec:storage:options:es:server-urls` value in your configuration.

Reviewer 3: I'll leave this final decision to you, but I try to avoid using parenthesis. It's not a big deal to use it, and it reads fine here, but the parenthesis can imply a lack of importance. 

Consider revising it to something like, `...an existing Elasticsearch cluster for storage, for an example: an instance that was not auto-provisioned by the Jaeger Operator calling the Red Hat Elasticsearch Operator. `

Reviewer: > ! allow verb
Avoid stating that inanimate objects grant abilities to people, as in "the product allows you to...".

Also, +1 to avoiding parentheses:

> Avoid using parentheses in general text because text in parentheses is decreased in importance.

.Restrictions

> * You cannot share or reuse a {ProductName} logging Elasticsearch instance with Jaeger. The Elasticsearch cluster is meant to be dedicated for a single Jaeger instance.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* You should not share or reuse a {ProductName} logging Elasticsearch instance with Jaeger. The Elasticsearch cluster is meant to be dedicated for a single Jaeger instance.
```

Technically, customers can (have the ability to), but shouldn't.

> * You should not share or reuse a {ProductName} logging Elasticsearch instance with Jaeger. The Elasticsearch cluster is meant to be dedicated for a single Jaeger instance.

Reviewer: > ! should verb
Whenever possible, rewrite in a more direct way. Do not use "should" to refer to an action that must be performed. For example, when parameters must be reset, write "Reset the parameters" and not "You should reset the parameters".

[NOTE]
====
Red Hat does not provide support for your external Elasticsearch instance. You can review the tested integrations matrix on the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/5381021[Customer Portal].
====

> The following configuration parameters are for an already existing Elasticsearch instance (also known as an _external_  Elasticsearch instance). In this case, you specify configuration options for Elasticsearch under `spec:storage:options:es` in your configuration file.

Reviewer 4: I guess I'm missing the bigger context here, but what's the configuration file? Is this the CR?

> The following configuration parameters are for an already existing Elasticsearch instance (also known as an _external_  Elasticsearch instance). In this case, you specify configuration options for Elasticsearch under `spec:storage:options:es` in your custom resource file.

Reviewer 3: Same note as above with the parenthesis. Should you want to change it, consider something like, `...an already existing Elasticsearch instance that is also known as an _external_ Elasticsearch instance.`
